SUBJECT: Lesson #2 - Creating High Quality Videos

{!firstname_fix}

Imagine if you were able to personally welcome people to your
website, to guide them through your information and direct them
to your order button. Imagine what that would do for your
conversion rates.

Well, with videos - that's exactly what you can do.

You can use videos a number of different ways, including in
sales pitches, in tutorials, within your launch sequence to warm
up customers and to simply develop brand awareness. The more
often people see you or hear you, the faster they'll recognize
your brand on the spot.

The trouble is, many new entrepreneurs struggle with the
technical aspects of creating high quality videos. They aren't
sure what programs to use, how to edit videos, how to enhance
the quality, or even how to create scripts or motions that guide
viewers from one frame to another, retaining their attention
every step of the way.

The great news is that even if you have absolutely no experience
creating videos, there are tools and resources you can use to
develop high quality, interactive videos in a matter of a few
short hours.

For starters, the majority of new computers come bundled with
video production software already, but if you really want to
ramp up the quality of your videos however, you'll want to
consider purchasing an industry grade program, such as Camtasia
or CamStudio.

These programs will help to add functionality to your videos,
while making it easy for you to integrate sound (audio
narratives, music, etc), as well as highlight important notes,
and of course, they provide you with added flexibility with
editing video content. 

http://clickbankid.webactix.hop.clickbank.net

Kind Regards,
YOUR NAME




